Given the following image captions from a video: 1) the conductor is telling the conductor to get off the train 2) the conductor is telling the conductor to stop the train 3) the boy is looking at the train 4) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 5) the train is moving and the man is looking at the train 6) the boy is waiting for the train to arrive 7) the boy is looking at the train 8) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 9) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 10) the boy is looking at the train 11) the boy is looking at the train 12) the boy is looking at the train 13) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 14) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 15) the boy is looking at the train 16) the boy is looking at the train 17) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 18) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train 19) the conductor is telling the boy to get off the train and the following transcriptions: 1) Well, (SPEAKER_02) 2) you coming? Where? Why, (SPEAKER_01) 3) to the (None) 4) North Pole, of (None) 5) course! This is the Polar Express! The North Pole? (None) 6) I see. Hold this, please. Thank you. Is this you? (SPEAKER_03) 7) Yeah. (SPEAKER_00) 8) Well, it says here, no photo with the department store Santa this year. No letter to Santa. And you made your sister put out the milk and cookies. Sounds to me like this is your crucial year. If I were you, I would think about (SPEAKER_02) 9) climbing on board. (None) and given that the sentiments of the video are: sadness 27.54% rage 19.52% nervousness 18.96% cheerfullness 17.59% horror 16.40% Describe the music that would fit such a video. Your output will be fed to a text to music model. To help you out, here are some prompts that worked well with the model: 1) Pop dance track with catchy melodies, tropical percussion, and upbeat rhythms, perfect for the beach 2) classic reggae track with an electronic guitar solo 3) earthy tones, environmentally conscious, ukulele-infused, harmonic, breezy, easygoing, organic instrumentation, gentle grooves 4) lofi slow bpm electro chill with organic samples 5) violins and synths that inspire awe at the finiteness of life and the universe 6) 80s electronic track with melodic synthesizers, catchy beat and groovy bass Give me only the description of the music without any explanation.
